there are one or two things you need for
a successful wedding attacked that has
that gorgeous girlfriend of yours she's
no longer my girlfriend oh yeah still I
wouldn't get too gloomy about it rumor
has it she never stopped punking old
toby de Lisle just in case you didn't
work out she is now my wife a discreet
best man he was getting engaged Olivia I
congratulated him because all his other
girlfriends because that's a complete
dogs although may I say how delighted we
are to have so many of them here this
evening
delightful guests how'd you do my name
is Charles
Nicholas Charles died 20 does it go must
be a different child or thing are you
telling me I don't know my own brother
no no an experienced vicar who lives and
reigns with you and the holy go to curb
ghost and a loving bride
a film with a message don't get married
unless you fall recklessly in love
[Music]
what do you think Devine Hugh Grant and
Andie MacDowell invite you to Four
Weddings and a funeral Almighty God
bless you all the Father the Son and the
Holy Spirit Spirit
[Applause]